Unify Formatting (#82)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: website/docs/r/route53_zone.md

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) This is the name of the hosted zone.
* `comment` - (Optional) A comment for the hosted zone.
    * _Default value_: 'Managed by Terraform'
* `force_destroy` - (Optional) Whether to destroy all records (possibly managed outside of Terraform) in the zone when destroying the zone.

> * `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the zone. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to the hosted zone. If a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.
```

Author: поменял везде

* `vpc_id` - (Required) ID of the VPC to associate.

## Attribute Reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the hosted zone.
* `zone_id` - The hosted zone ID. This can be referenced by zone records.
* `name_servers` - A list of name servers in associated (or default) delegation set.
  Find more about delegation sets in [AWS docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/APIReference/actions-on-reusable-delegation-sets.html).

> * `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the hosted zone, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags].

Reviewer: Без артикля
